Added vector search tutorial (#1190)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/data-structures/pages/vector-search-tutorial.adoc

= Vector Search Tutorial - Image Search
:description: This tutorial guides you through using Hazelcast Enterprise to build an image search system. 
:page-enterprise: true
:page-beta: true

This tutorial demonstrates using  Hazelcast Enterprise 5.5 to build an image search system.  The solution uses the https://huggingface.co/sentence-transformers/clip-ViT-B-32[CLIP sentence transformer] to map images
and text onto a shared vector 512-dimensional vector space. 

In this tutorial, you will utilize:

* a Hazelcast pipeline that consumes unstructured data (images), computes
embeddings using Python, and stores them as vectors in a Hazelcast Enterprise `VectorCollection` data structure.
* a Jupyter notebook that implements text-based image searching using
a Hazelcast Python client

The ingestion pipeline has the following high level components:

> . Directory Watcher detects the arrival of new images and creates an event

Author: Directory Watcher is a specific function, not a generic thing. Hence the capitalization.

containing the name of the new image.
. A `mapUsingPython` stage in which images are retrieved and converted into
vectors using the previously mentioned CLIP sentence transformer.
. A sink which stores the image vectors, along with their URLs, in
a Hazelcast `VectorCollection`.

> See the blueprint below.

Author: Yeah, I wasn't happy about that either. Replaced with:

The diagram below shows you how the components fit together and the processing steps each component performs.

. Start the tutorial environment.
+
```sh
docker compose up -d
```
+
This launches Hazelcast Platform, Hazelcast Management Center, and the Web server. Hazelcast Management Center is accessible at http://localhost:8080.

. Using your Java IDE, open `ImagesIngestPipeline.java` in the `image-ingest-pipeline` module. Follow the guidance and instructions in the file. 

. Test the pipeline
+
.. build the project: `mvn clean package`
.. deploy the pipeline: `docker compose run deploy-image-loader`
.. monitor the logs: `docker compose logs --follow hz`
.. to generate events, copy some images from the `images` folder
into the `www` folder.  You will see a new pipeline event for each image.

> .. To stop the job, use the Hazelcast Management Center. Navigate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. To stop the job, use Hazelcast Management Center to navigate
```

> to "Jobs" and select "Stop".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to **Jobs** and select **Stop**.
```
Not sure if you have a separate style guide but we use bold for UI e.g. buttons, and generally we're shifting to Google https://developers.google.com/style/ui-elements

Author: We have a style guide?!? Fantastic! It's been me, myself, and I so as long as I was consistent with myself, it didn't matter. I will make the appropriate changes throughout.

+

> Iterate on the pipeline until you have finished the whole thing, and you are sinking vectors into Hazelcast with no errors.

Reviewer: 'the whole thing'?

+

> Once you have the python service in your pipeline, it will take some time to initialize (up to 5 minutes) because it has to download and install many Python packages.  You will see something like the following in the hazelcast logs when the Python stream stage has initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the python service in your pipeline, it will take some time to initialize (up to 5 minutes) because it has to download and install many Python packages. You will see something like the following in the hazelcast logs when the Python stream stage has initialized.
```
You might need to do a search for double spaces...going to stop highlighting them lol

Author: Will do.

```bash 
hazelcast-image-search-hz-1  | 2024-07-17 19:18:41,881 [ INFO] [hz.magical_joliot.cached.thread-7] [c.h.j.python]: [172.25.0.3]:5701 [dev] [5.5.0-SNAPSHOT] Started Python process: 246
hazelcast-image-search-hz-1  | 2024-07-17 19:18:41,881 [ INFO] [hz.magical_joliot.cached.thread-3] [c.h.j.python]: [172.25.0.3]:5701 [dev] [5.5.0-SNAPSHOT] Started Python process: 245
hazelcast-image-search-hz-1  | 2024-07-17 19:18:43,786 [ INFO] [hz.magical_joliot.cached.thread-7] [c.h.j.python]: [172.25.0.3]:5701 [dev] [5.5.0-SNAPSHOT] Python process 246 listening on port 39819
hazelcast-image-search-hz-1  | 2024-07-17 19:18:43,819 [ INFO] [hz.magical_joliot.cached.thread-3] [c.h.j.python]: [172.25.0.3]:5701 [dev] [5.5.0-SNAPSHOT] Python process 245 listening on port 39459
```

[NOTE]
====
A solution pipeline is available in the

> `hazelcast.platform.labs.image.similarity.solution` package.  If you wish, you can bypass building the pipeline and directly deploy the solution by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hazelcast.platform.labs.image.similarity.solution` package. You can also choose to bypass building the pipeline and directly deploy the solution by running
```

`docker compose run submit-image-loader-solution`
====

== Perform a Nearest Neighbor Search

> You will do the rest of the lab in a Jupyter notebook.  To access Jupyter,
> run `docker compose logs jupyter`.  You will see something simular to
> what is below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to use a Jupyter notebook for the remaining steps. To access Jupyter,
run `docker compose logs jupyter`. You should see a response similar to below:
```

```bash
hazelcast-image-search-jupyter-1  | [C 2024-07-17 19:57:47.478 ServerApp]
hazelcast-image-search-jupyter-1  |
hazelcast-image-search-jupyter-1  |     To access the server, open this file in a browser:
hazelcast-image-search-jupyter-1  |         file:///root/.local/share/jupyter/runtime/jpserver-1-open.html
hazelcast-image-search-jupyter-1  |     Or copy and paste one of these URLs:
hazelcast-image-search-jupyter-1  |         http://localhost:8888/tree?token=7a4d2794d4135eaa88ee9e9642e80e7044cb5c213717e2be
hazelcast-image-search-jupyter-1  |         http://127.0.0.1:8888/tree?token=7a4d2794d4135eaa88ee9e9642e80e7044cb5c213717e2be

> haz

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```

[NOTE]
====

> Some errors in the log are expected and can be safely ignored.  The lines you are looking for should be near the top of the output.

Reviewer: Which errors?
Is it worth highlighting that user should be looking for the URL?

====

. Copy the URL from the output and paste it into a browser window.  This should bring up a Jupyter notebook.  Double-click on the "Hazelcast Image Similarity" notebook to open it and follow the directions there.

= Summary

You should now be able to load unstructured data into a Hazelcast vector
collection and perform similarity searches.

> = Known Issues

Reviewer: There is a known issue just added to release notes btw...

Author: Added a link to the release notes - more dynamic than listing the explicit problem. :)
